1. I am want to ask for more time to submit my research paper because my family had an emergency situation. Please give me extension.
2. I need permission from you to let my child go for national competition during school time. It is very important for them.  
3. Please send me copy of my transcripts and records from the college I studied before. I am needing it for new application.
4. You did not accept my admission but I have new achievements now. Can you reconsider my application again?
5. I have disability and need some change in my class schedule timing. It will be very helpful for me if you can do accommodation.
6. Our club want to invite a guest speaker in the campus. Can we get the permission to organize this event?
7. My personal situation is not good right now. I want to take break from studies for some time. How can I get leave of absence?
8. My family finance condition has changed. Please re-check my financial aid because I may need more help now.
9. Some problems happened and I could not complete my degree requirements on time. Is it possible to get extension?
10. We are planning a family trip in the vacations. How can I get permission for my child to not come to school those days?
11. I am not happy with my current program. Can I request to change and transfer to another program in same university?
12. I have given some test like SAT earlier. Can you send me my scores again? I have misplaced the report.
13. I am having some confusion regarding my grades and assignments. Can I please meet my professor to discuss?
14. I want to do one research study in the university campus involving students. What is the procedure to get permission?
15. My financial condition is very bad currently. How can I request for some fee waiver or reduction from you?
16. For my exams, I need different accommodation like extra time or separate room due to my medical issue. Is it possible?
17. I am applying for higher studies. From whom should I request recommendation letter in the university?
18. Although I am not taking this class, I have interest in the subject. Can I sit in the class as an audit student?
19. There was some disciplinary action taken against me earlier. Can you provide me those records?
20. I am not satisfied with the grade my professor gave me. How can I apply for re-evaluation or reconsideration?
21. My child's school is organizing a field trip. What is the process to give them permission to attend?
22. I want to review the notes and records my academic advisor made regarding my progress and recommendations.
23. There are some concerns I have about my department. Can I request a meeting with the Dean to discuss?
24. Due to personal reasons, I won't be able to join the program right now. How can I defer my admission?
25. Unfortunately I fell ill and could not give one of my exams. How can I request a retest or make-up exam?
26. I am facing difficulties in completing my final thesis work on time. Can you allow me an extension?
27. Can you provide me the Rules and policies document related to academic matters which I can refer?
28. I don't agree with the decision of dismissal from the program. How do I appeal against this judgement?
29. I have got an opportunity for internship during the semester. How do I apply for academic credit?
30. I have secured admission but done some courses from another college earlier. How can I get them transfer?
31. Currently my major is X but I want to change it to Y program. What process is required for this?
32. Kindly share the grievance process documents if I wish to appeal against any academic decision.
33. Due to my religious beliefs, I want my child to not participate in some school activities. Is this exemption possible?
34. I want to understand policies about cheating and plagiarism which are followed here. Can you provide the guidelines?
35. I have been living in this state for 2 years now. When can I apply to change my residency status for fee purposes?
36. One of my family members is out of town for a function. How can I request to give my exam at a different center?
37. I got stuck due to xyz reasons and could not complete my internship component. Can I extend it for sometime?
38. Kindly share the policies and guidelines for students requiring disability accommodations from the university.
39. I don't meet one criteria for my desired course xyz. Can some exception or conditional admission be allowed?
40. My grades score seems higher than what was calculated for semester honors. Can I request a re-evaluation?
41. During this pandemic, my child wants to attend classes online/virtually. How do we apply for this option?
42. I was involved in a disciplinary incident last year. Can I see what procedures and rules apply for students?
43. There has been some change in my financial condition. When can I get re-evaluated for scholarship eligibility?
44. I have a scheduling clash that day due to religious observances. Can I appear on a different date for the exam?
45. The certification exam for my program was delayed. When can I extend the deadline for completion?
46. I am a new student and need information on who will guide me for my degree course plan and classes.
47. I wish to apply for a foreign exchange program next semester. What are the requirements and procedure?
48. My academic performance was impacted by personal issues last year. When can I request a review?
49. Is there any special customized academic program for kids with unique learning needs that my child can enroll in?
50. What is the policy on academic probation? I am scared my grades may put me in that territory soon.
51. I want to take one course which is currently full and has a long waitlist. How do I get in?
52. I think there was an error in calculation of my final GPA for honors consideration. I want a re-look.
53. My child has a medical condition which makes it difficult to follow some school rules. Can we get an exemption?
54. What constitutes cheating? I need to be sure so I don't violate any academic integrity policies unknowingly.
55. My religious faith has certain holidays when I cannot take the test on those days. Can I get accommodations?
56. I got admitted to program X but my interests have changed towards Y now. Can I change my program?
57. My child shows an advanced skill set. How do we apply for getting them on an accelerated curriculum?
58. What are the protocols around privacy of my academic records as a student? Can you explain in detail?
59. I have worked in the industry for some years now. Can this experience count for some of the eligibility criteria?
60. Last year I faced a lot of personal setbacks and missed the honors cut-off by a very smalll margin. Any recourse?
61. My religion has certain practices which are prohibited in school's dress code. How to apply for an exemption?  
62. I wish to understand more about academic freedom and free speech policies for students on this campus.
63. The special program I want has limited spots. How does the university consider and approve admissions?  
64. My career goals have changed after joining this program. How can I explore other degree options now?
65. Due to some unavoidable circumstances, my child will need to attend school online for sometime. What's the process?
66. If I wish to appeal against any academic judgment made against me, where should I begin the procedure?
67. I have done many online courses and certifications related to my desired program. Can I get credits for those?
68. I had to be hospitalized halfway through last semester which dropped my GPA. Can you reconsider my academic honors status?
69. My child has certain medical needs which require accommodations from some school policies. How do we apply?
70. I joined the university as a transfer student after 2 years diploma.Am I eligible for the same advising services?  
71. One of my friends is attending a great computer program in another city.Can I take it online/remotely from here?
72. Post joining this program, I realized my passion lies in a totally different field. How do I change pathways?
73. My kid needs to temporarily attend school online because of an illness they are recovering from. How do I apply?
74. What is the process if an international student like me is placed on academic probation at any stage?
75. A lot of my prior work experience is relevant to the program's criteria. Can I get credits by demonstrating these skills?
76. One of the grades I scored in the finals seems miscalculated based on the breakup we had. Can I request a review?
77. My child is exceptionally gifted and has cleared all elementary courses by age 10. How do we get them accelerated?
78. My foster son needs special accommodations in school due to trauma from his past experiences. Are there provisions?
79. My child is very smart and talented. He want to go to the special science and math academy school near our house. But it has difficult test for admission. How I can apply and request for him to get admission there? The normal school is not challenging enough for my kid.
80. My family situation has changed and I need to transfer my child to a school closer to our new home. How do I apply?
81. Due to our cultural traditions, we would like my child exempted from some activities at school. Is this possible? 
82. I am a research scholar and need to know about academic integrity rules for higher studies and publications.
83. I have learned coding on my own through online resources. Can this experience make me eligible for the CS program?
84. I met with an accident last year which impacted my grades very badly. Can you reconsider me for honors/distinctions?
85. The area I live in has faced some violence recently. My child's safety is a concern, so how do we get online classes?
86. I am a working professional, returning to studies after a long gap. What type of academic advice services do you have?
87. After joining chemistry program, I realized my interests are more towards environmental studies now. How to change majors?
88. My company has fired me which affected my finances for fee payment this year. Can I request an education loan?
89. My 6-year-old has already completed elementary math and science. How to get them on an advanced curriculum?
90. I wish to file a grievance against a research policy of the university. What is the procedure for graduate students?
91. I have been working as a software developer. Can my experience and certifications fulfill the admission criteria?
92. There was a mistake in calculating my CGPA which made me miss the Vice Chancellor's honor roll. I want a recheck.
93. My son is on the autism spectrum and needs special accommodations from the school. How do we get approvals?
94. Where can I find policies about academic freedom for professors relating to their research and teaching methods?
95. My family is moving cities due to my father's job transfer. Can my child remotely attend this school's classes?
96. I am an immigrant and my visa status changed recently affecting my education prospects. Can I get any support?
97. I wish to graduate early by doing extra coursework each semester. What is the process to get approvals for this?
98. I am pursuing two majors which have some subject overlaps. How do I plan my degree Path requirements?
99. I have prior experience as an accountant. Can I get exemptions from some courses by giving a proficiency test?
100. The program I joined has revised its curriculum for latest industry skills. How will it impact students already enrolled?